Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Sports are a huge part of life in the USA.
Here are the top five most popular sports.
First place, American football.
The most popular sport.
Fans are already saying, "I'm going to watch the Super Bowl next year."
The purpose is simple: score points, but the strategy is out of this world.
How do you play it?
Two teams try to move the ball into the opponent's end zone to score points.
The team with the most points wins.
American football's top three players are Tom Brady, Patrick Mahomes, and Peyton Manning.
Second place, basketball.
Fast-paced and exciting.
The NBA features players who are global icons.
Some teams might come out of nowhere and surprise everyone.
How do you play it?
Teams aim to shoot the ball into the opposing team's basket.
The team with the most points after four quarters wins.
USA's basketball top three players are LeBron James, Stephen Curry, and A'ja Riyadh Wilson.
Third place, baseball.
Known as America's pastime.
Fans enjoy the tradition and atmosphere of long seasons and the battle to reach the World Series.
How do you play it?
Players hit a ball and run around four bases to score runs.
The team with the most runs wins.
USA's baseball top three players are Jennie Finch, Babe Ruth, and Derek Jeter.
Fourth place, ice hockey.
Intense and physical, hockey fans are loyal.
Cities like Boston are famous for their passion, even though tickets can be out of my budget.
How do you play it?
The team with the most goals wins.
USA's ice hockey top three players are Wayne Gretzky, Sidney Crosby, and Hilary Knight.
Fifth place, soccer (football).
Soccer is growing in the USA.
The MLS is expanding, and new talent is coming out of the youth academies.
How do you play it?
Teams try to score by kicking a ball into the opponent's net.
The team with the most goals wins.
USA's soccer top three players are Lionel Messi, Christian Pulisic, and Clint Dempsey.
These five sports offer something for everyone and are part of the American sports culture.
Programa producido por Chocundres.